detective recap here today i'm going to
explain a drama thriller film called
10 by 10. spoilers ahead watch out and
take care
lewis quietly sits in a local restaurant
keenly watching kathy from across the
street as she enters her flower shop
a few minutes later she comes out and
goes to the same restaurant lewis is in
to buy some coffee
after the waiter dennis takes her order
kathy gives him a bouquet for his wife
and asks how she's doing
and dennis says they need to run a few
more tests for her kathy then offers to
help him with his kids
and after dennis thanks her kathy takes
her seat lewis continues to watch her
and as kathy eats lewis leaves the
restaurant once kathy is done
she goes to her car in the parking lot
where lewis is waiting inside his
vehicle
lewis follows kathy as she drives to the
gym and when she goes inside
lewis gets out of his car too he then
peeks inside her car
and when he gets back to his he puts a
gun on the passenger seat and covers it
with newspaper
when louis sees kathy coming out he
follows her to her car and suddenly
covers her face with a plastic bag
kathy tries to break free by head
butting lewis and as soon as she removes
the plastic cover she screams for help
unfortunately the person nearby is
listening to loud music so he doesn't
hear kathy
lewis immediately covers her mouth and
threatens to kill her if she makes
another sound
he then puts duct tape over her mouth
and binds her hands and feet with cable
ties
lewis goes back to his car leaving kathy
to struggle on the ground while the
driver of the vehicle next to kathy
doesn't even notice her as he drives
away
lewis goes back for kathy and picks her
up before putting her inside the trunk
of his car
lewis takes kathy to his house where he
drags and locks her inside a padded room
hidden behind a wall
he leaves her there and pushes the wall
back in place leaving no trace of the
secret room
after preparing some food and removing
any evidence from his car lewis checks
on kathy again
he tells her that she's locked inside a
room with padded forefoot thick concrete
walls and sound absorbing products he
claims to have put those on the walls
himself
reminding her that it will be useless to
scream lewis then instructs her to tell
him her name after he removes her tape
as soon as he does kathy starts
screaming but no one hears her
with that lewis locks her inside once
more than turns off the light
he checks his computer and listens to
kathy as she continues screaming and
begging for help before muting it
meanwhile kathy manages to sit down and
tries to find a way out of the room by
kicking the padded walls to no avail
she then notices the vent on the wall
and try screaming louder but still
nobody hears her in the living area
lewis watches the news as he loads his
gun
and when he goes back to check on kathy
again he tells her that she can keep
screaming and see how long it will take
before someone hears her
he also tells her that they can just get
down to business and when lewis walks
toward her kathy begs him not to touch
her
confused lewis only looks at her as she
tries to bribe him with her money
mocking her lewis says that's a lot of
money for someone in her line of
business before telling her directly
that he doesn't want it
lewis then takes out his gun and talks
to kathy about a documentary he's seen
on television but kathy ignores him and
tells him that the cops will find her
car
which will lead them to lewis's house
she then tearfully promises not to say a
word about him if he lets her go
but lewis only orders her to tell him
her name when kathy says her name is
kathy nolan lewis gets disappointed for
some reason and leaves
back in the living room lewis goes
through kathy's belongings
meanwhile kathy painfully manages to
bring her bound hands in front
and when lewis enters the room she
repeatedly hits him in the face and
pushes him before she loses her balance
as kathy tries to crawl away from him
lewis grabs her by the feet but she
kicks him in the face
kathy then stands and picks up the vase
from the table and smashes it on lewis's
head
she continues to crawl away and when she
reaches the living room and uses the
phone to call for help
lewis shoots it petrified kathy bows her
head and begs lewis not to kill her but
as soon as he stepped toward her
she knocks him unconscious kathy then
notices her bag on a chair
and when she gets it and takes out her
cell phone she realizes that it's not
receiving any signal
she hops behind the kitchen counter
where she finds a knife in one of the
drawers and manages to cut the cable tie
binding her feet with a knife still in
her hand
kathy tries opening the door but it
wouldn't budge as cathy bangs on the
door and screams for help
lewis finally regains consciousness and
asks her where she thinks she's going
using the knife to protect herself kathy
warns lewis to stay back and asks him
how he knows what she does for a living
lewis replies that she can't make much
selling flowers then asks her to join
him at the table so she can tell him the
things he wants to know
like her name when she repeats that her
name is kathy nolan
lewis gets upset he then asks her if
they could start again since he just
wants to know her a little bit more
ignoring him kathy moves towards him
while holding the knife asking who he is
and if there are others aside from her
unbothered lewis retorts that he can
easily beat her with his gun before
asking her to sit down
when kathy finally sits lewis offers her
some food but she refuses
lewis tells her that she's smart and
she's probably figured out that if he
truly wanted to kill her he would have
done it already
he then reminds her that he's only asked
her one question since she got in his
house and when he asked her what his
question was
kathy replies that he's asking for her
name lewis says they can really start
talking when she tells him her name and
for the third time
she tells him that her name is kathy
noland suddenly
lewis gets furious and throws his plate
in kathy's face he quickly reaches for
his gun and points it at kathy who
deflects his attack
making him drop his firearm she then
tries attacking him with a knife
but louis manages to fend her off before
kicking the gun away and tackling her
as they struggle kathy drops the knife
but bravely bites lewis's shoulder
before putting him in a choke hold
once lewis stops moving kathy shoves him
aside and crawls away
but lewis once again grabs her by the
feet and finally subdues her by slapping
her heart
as lewis catches his breath he picks up
his gun and drags kathy back inside the
padded room
meanwhile louis's helper alondra arrives
and gets confused upon seeing the mess
in the house
lewis then informs her that he doesn't
need her for the day and when alondra
notices that he's bleeding
lewis assures her that he's okay and
that she should just leave dropping the
subject
alondra says she'll come back the
following day with his daughter summer
and he agrees
afterwards he visits kathy and offers to
fix her up once he's done
lewis takes a shower and tends to his
wound while kathy takes out her phone
which she secretly hit in her pocket and
checks if it's getting any signal
unfortunately her cell phone remains
useless so she just returns it in her
pocket
as lewis eats and watches about the
retrial of the charleston 3 kathy
notices a crack on the tile floor and
tries to remove it
with a gun this time lewis goes back to
the padded room and interrogates kathy
he asks for her name birthday place of
birth school
course and what she did after graduating
lewis also asks if she was raised in a
church
if she has any siblings and what her
parents professions were kathy answers
all of his questions
including the one about her parents
saying her mother was a retired nurse
while her father was an organizer for
the detroit lions
certain that kathy is lying lewis
confesses that he's been watching her
for months and that he knows she's just
lied about everything she just told him
he then asks her again where she's born
and when she says california
he asks her again this time kathy
replies she's born in orange county
california which frustrates lewis even
more
he wants her to answer his question
again and when kathy shouts california
lewis fires his gun hitting the wall
behind her he warns her that the next
bullet will go in her head
so when he asks her for the last time
where she was born kathy says in green
bay wisconsin
luring his gun lewis continues
interrogating her asking her the same
questions he's asked before
only this time he gets different answers
with kathy finally being honest
lewis tells her that he knows it broke
her heart when her father left home
he also knows that her mother was a
nurse while her father was a team doctor
who left her mother for a cheerleader
which put kathy's twin sister at the end
of a rope
kathy only remains silent and when lewis
says she went back to school and made
something of herself
kathy asks him what exactly he's doing
lewis ignores her and tells her he knows
she's lied about her former job and
course
so when he asked her again what
particular course she took she replies
it's nursing
now that he's getting what he wants
lewis demands that she tell him what her
name is
and when she says it's kathy lewis says
kathy was the name of her dead sister
with the truth now out in the open kathy
admits that her name is natalie ann
stevens
after natalie's confession lewis muses
that she must be wondering why she's
there
but he adds that he thinks she already
knows before finally leaving
with natalie now alone in the room she
lets out her frustration in distress and
start screaming but lewis pays her no
mind
natalie then tries removing the broken
shard on the floor while outside
lewis watches a video of him with his
baby natalie's efforts are futile
so she tries using her phone again and
raises it high near the event to get a
bar
finally she manages to contact the
police while on the other hand
lewis realizes that natalie's phone is
missing as natalie talks to the police
on the phone the wheat signal ends the
call
so she just hides it again lewis then
arrives with a gun in hand demanding her
to tell him where her phone is
he then frisks natalie and breaks the
phone with his gun as soon as he takes
it
exasperated lewis asks natalie where she
worked as a nurse and natalie answers
that she worked at all angels charleston
lewis then questions her how many
patients inexplicably died in her care
and when she asks him which one lewis
says she must mean which one of the
charleston 3 was his wife
finally lewis asks if she remembers
atlanta matthew lewis and natalie could
only nod her head
he concludes that it must be the reason
she moved away three people died
unaccountably and people were of course
curious however natalie defends herself
claiming all the nurses were acquitted
in the trial
lewis is now demanding to know why she
left so she explains that the trial
ruined her career and that she needed a
fresh start
ignoring natalie's explanation he says
he started doubting everything when he
noticed that his wife's wedding ring was
missing since she never took it off
he also talks about another patient who
mysteriously died of organ failure but
had passed his medical insurance a month
earlier
lastly lewis asserts that he knows his
wife doesn't drink much but elena was
drunk while her blood was full of ghb
which is a depressant
maintaining her innocence natalie
insists that the court found no
negligence with the hospital and that
she's sorry for lewis's loss
lewis asks her if she really is sorry
then informs her that he's holding her
captive because he knows she killed his
wife and he wants to know why
lewis then adds that if he doesn't get a
good enough explanation as to why alana
died then natalie will die
too outside lewis listens to natalie as
she cries over the speaker
he then watches another video this time
of his wife and their then four-year-old
daughter
making him emotional back in the padded
room natalie's fingers start bleeding
while she continues to remove the broken
shard from the floor
lewis then decides to go back to the
room and points his gun at natalie's
head but she begs him not to kill her
promising she'll tell him everything
natalie confesses that she and her
sister were raised in a church and that
they learned the ways of the bible
they were protected by god but not by
her father who fooled around with her
sister's best friend
when her mother confronted her father
about his affair he just packed his bags
and left them
while the townsfolk stopped talking to
them and acted like they're invisible
when lewis asks what her story has got
to do with his wife natalie ignores him
and continues telling him that they were
good people but they were being punished
for her father's sins
she then says that she found her sister
hanging in the barn adding that she
dedicated her life to kathy and serving
other people
including the patients in the hospital
who would tell her their horrible
secrets
the first patient of the charleston
three who died of organ failure had two
wives
while the second one was a woman who
falsely accused her loving husband of
beating her and tried making her wounds
look worse to keep shaking him down for
divorce money
finally natalie starts talking about
lewis's wife saying she was cheating on
him
this shocks lewis but natalie keeps on
speaking saying that elena wasn't
wearing her wedding ring because she was
sleeping with another man
unable to accept the truth lewis tells
natalie to keep quiet but she continues
saying that elena was drunk in a hotel
bar and not a single id was found on her
when she collapsed
she then asks louis if he really
believes alana was at a work meeting and
adds that she saw elena's other guy
secretly visiting her at the hospital
lewis then gets up as he keeps his gun
pointed at natalie ordering her to shut
up
unfazed natalie says the bible states
that marriage should be held with honor
and his wife was a sinner
a vulgar woman lewis demands natalie not
to say another word
but in the end natalie finally admits to
killing alanna back in the living room
lewis keeps rewinding the video of alana
as she cancels an incoming call
and he realizes that natalie is telling
the truth he starts breaking stuff
around the house before going out for a
drive
he goes to a lake where two police
officers suddenly show up they start
questioning lewis
asking what happened to his hand and
where he lives after answering their
questions
lewis asks them if everything's okay and
they tell him that they're just
investigating a call since a car
matching as was described
once he is cleared the officers
apologize for troubling him before
leaving lewis then drives back home
not knowing that natalie has used her
broken cell phone to remove the shard of
tile from its place
upon entering the padded room he kneels
in front of natalie and asks her what
he's supposed to say to summer when she
asks him about her mother
tearful he tells her that she has no
right to take elena away from him before
they could talk and that she needs to
turn herself in
natalie simply refuses and stabs lewis
with a broken shard of tile before
repeatedly kicking him in the gut
telling him that she now lives as kathy
she then gets on top of lewis and tells
him that she's not going to give up her
happy life for him
then punches him in the face before
running out the door on her way out of
the house
natalie searches for lewis's gun but
finds a knife instead
she goes back to the room only to find
it empty and once inside
lewis tries closing the door
unfortunately natalie manages to stop
him and left without enough strength
lewis lets go of the door and goes to
the living room to pick up his gun
natalie quickly catches up to him and
kicks his hand sending the gun flying
across the room
the two engage in a physical fight and
natalie tackles him as he attempts to
reach the gun
however natalie gets the gun first and
points it at him this is when summer and
alondra unexpectedly arrive
natalie shoots alondra before she could
even react and warns louis to stay back
natalie then takes summer as her hostage
and asks lewis why he had to complicate
things
lewis begs her not to hurt summer
asserting that she's done nothing wrong
but natalie dismisses him with lewis
continuing to beg
natalie asks him if he believes that
summer is his child natalie threatens to
kill her but lewis informs her that
everything she just said has been
recorded in his house
natalie gets distracted and tells him
he's lying while summer takes advantage
of the confusion to bite her hand and
elbow her in the stomach before running
away
lewis then jumps natalie and as they
struggle on the floor louise chokes her
until she passes out
when lewis is about to leave natalie
immediately regains consciousness
so when she gets up lewis shoots her
lewis then looks for summer and finds
her in the padded room
crying before leaving the house lewis
takes the recording of natalie's
confession
but summer realizes that natalie is gone
he then takes his daughter to his car in
the garage where natalie is waiting for
them with a gun
luckily the weapon is out of bullets and
the two engage in a fight once more
lewis throws her over the car's hood and
as he is about to hit her again natalie
stabs his thigh while summer runs out of
the car
while a very pained lewis tries to
remove the weapon sticking out his thigh
natalie hits him across the face with a
brick now that luis is on the ground
natalie takes a pitchfork and attempts
to stab him with it but lewis manages to
stop it in time
with all his might lewis pushes it
upward and hits natalie twice in the
face
causing her to stumble backward and hit
the lock of the garage door lewis
quickly rolls away from the garage as
the door shuts
hitting and trapping natalie in the
middle summer then runs toward her
father and he immediately apologizes
while the cops start to arrive he tells
summer i love you
you're my child my child subscribe to
watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out
thank you for watching